README: Update information about architecture support (#972)
Homebrew/ruby-macho: README.md

### What works?

> * Reading data from x86/x86_64/arm64/PPC Mach-O files (other architectures may work too, but are untested)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reading data from x86/x86_64/arm64/PPC Mach-O files (other architectures are unsupported, but may work)
```

Reviewer: Let's be explicit here about support status.
